Hello Everyone,

Everyone must watch the first few minutes of class today, where I talk about concerns with Academic Code violations in BERAS submissions.

If you believe you have violated the Academic Code, you must send me an email by this Wednesday (11:59pm). Not reading this email or watching today's lecture is not an excuse for not emailing me before that deadline.

Depending on how egregious the violation was, results can range from no deductions, points off for a specific rubric item, receiving the grade of pre-infringement submission, 0 points for the assignment, or a formal Academic Code violation for serious cases. If you reach out to me before I reach out to you, you have a much lower probability of going through a formal hearing.

You can check the course missive and the Brown code of conduct if you'd like to review our policies. The Brown code of conduct also lays out possible repercussions of code violations and the formal process available: https://college.brown.edu/sites/default/files/2022-04/Academic-Code.pdf 

As I mentioned in class, we're mostly looking at instances of copying other students' code (from this semester and from previous semesters...) or using code generated by AI. If you did use AI, I'll eventually ask for the conversation transcripts. I'll review these transcripts (and their embedded timestamps) to determine how severe an issue it might be.

If you worked closely together with someone, you should let us know that fact. We are making sure to allow collaboration with others in discussing assignments, but there's a point where it crosses the line and we are seeing that repeatedly in the data. We can tell the difference between cases where students worked closely together in an acceptable way (as per our course policies) and cases where one student finished first and gave their code to other students.

To those of you whom the rest of this message does not apply, I'm sorry that the actions of some students has devalued the hard work that most of you put into this assignment.

From Ed discussion 2025/03/03
